The JsHook License Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement") is signed by the JsHook developer (hereinafter referred to as "we") and the service users of this software (hereinafter referred to as "users"). We will use this agreement to help users understand the rights and obligations of the licensed use of this software and related aspects. Users are requested to carefully read and fully understand the terms of this agreement, and choose to agree or disagree (if the user is a minor, he or she should review and read it accompanied by a legal guardian). If the user does not agree to all the terms of this agreement, please exit and uninstall the software. Please read the following content of this agreement carefully:
【About this software】
This software is an Xposed-based Android debugging tool developed by us that runs on the Android platform. It can be used as Android software developers and testers (but not limited to) for application analysis and debugging, security testing and Bug analysis. This software may have the function of modifying and debugging application business logic in some scenarios. If you want to modify and debug a third-party application, you must obtain the official authorization of the owner; if you modify and debug without authorization, the resulting Any problems and responsibilities (including financial losses, legal risks, etc.) have nothing to do with us.
【Functional risk】
(1) During the operation of this software, other software may cause problems such as flashbacks and abnormalities. You should uninstall and delete this software immediately
(2) Before users use this software to hook other APKs, they must first obtain the relevant authorization license and the consent of the author before making modifications. When a user uses the Hook APK of this software, we will by default consider that the user has obtained the corresponding authorization.
(3) When using the Hook APK of this software, the user must abide by the relevant laws of the country or region.
【Prohibited Acts】
In any case, the user shall not do any behavior prohibited by this software:
(1) It is forbidden to use this software to maliciously attack any application, make plug-ins, steal data and other illegal acts;
(2) It is forbidden to debug and modify other applications without official authorization;
(3) Reverse engineering of the software itself (including but not limited to decompilation, modification of installation packages, modification of signature information, etc.), or attempts to modify the functions of the software in other ways is prohibited;
(4) It is forbidden to publish any version of this software on unofficial websites to any channel without our authorization.
【Reason for Disclaimer】
Users understand and agree that we will not be liable for any damages that may be caused by any of the following situations, including but not limited to losses in property, income, data, etc. or other forms of intangible losses:
(1) If the user violates this agreement or the relevant terms of service, we have the right to take measures including but not limited to suspending the use license, stopping the provision of services, restricting use, and legal prosecution, depending on the nature of the user's behavior. At the same time, we will assist in the investigation according to the requirements of the judicial department;
(2) If the user violates this agreement or the relevant terms of service and causes any third-party damage, the user shall be solely responsible;
(3) Due to force majeure factors such as typhoons, earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, power outages, wars, and terrorist attacks, the software service cannot be used normally;
(4) Interruption or delay of system services due to factors such as hacker attacks, technical adjustments or failures of the telecommunications sector, and system maintenance;
(5) Interruption, termination or delay of system services due to government orders, changes in laws and regulations, orders and rulings of judicial and administrative agencies, etc.
【Other Terms】
(1) The authorization agreement in the form of electronic text has the same complete and equivalent legal effect as the agreement signed by both parties. Users who use this software or this service are deemed to have read and agreed to be bound by this agreement. Behavior outside the scope of the agreement will directly violate this agreement and constitute infringement. We have the right to terminate the service immediately and order the damage to stop. And reserves the right to pursue relevant responsibilities;
(2) We have the right to modify the terms of this agreement when necessary. Users can check the relevant terms and agreements in the latest version of this software. After the terms of this agreement are changed, if the user continues to use the software, it is deemed that the user has agreed to the revised agreement. If the user does not agree to the revised agreement, he shall stop using the software immediately;
(3) No matter what the reasons for which the terms of this agreement are partially invalid or unenforceable, the rest of the terms are still valid and binding on both parties;
(4) The titles of all clauses in this agreement are only for the convenience of reading, and have no actual meaning in themselves, and cannot be used as the basis for interpretation of the meaning of this agreement;
(5) We reserve the right of final interpretation of this agreement.